Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Let us now report.
God, we thank you for giving us time this morning in your hands.
Although the weather is not good today, we still pray to God to come to your temple to pray to you.
Please use the following time to build our lives, to teach our lives.
May all of us be able to receive the wisdom and wisdom of life in your words and teachings.
Thank you, God.
The report is not worthy of the title of Lord Jesus Christ.
Let's start this week with our new content.
We're going to talk about the new problems, the new problems of the heart.
The heart is a central processor.
All three important levels of people are combined.
These three levels are mind, thoughts, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will.
In the end of the last week, we discussed a question.
If the mind is in a state of being drunk, what kind of light will it have when it is affected by the original sin?
We have mentioned the book of Yelimishu, chapter 17.
The book of Yelimishu, chapter 17, says, People's mind is more than everything.
Who can break it?
Let's stop here.
Let's continue to talk about it.
This sentence is very important.
It's worth taking it apart and making it clear.
Let's look at the first word.
It's called deceitful gui zha.
Ye Linmi doesn't say that people's hearts sometimes deceive people.
Instead, people's hearts deceive more than everything.
What does this mean?
It means that in this world, all the source of problems is people's hearts.
The one who deceives people is the heart of people.
And
People's mind will not only deceive others, but also people's mind will deceive themselves.
People's mind is obviously like other things other than worship, idol, and love God, but it is constantly persuading itself, which is reasonable.
People's mind knows that they are committing crimes, but it can find a lot of reasons to make their crimes reasonable.
People's mind is obviously avoiding God,
Don't love God.
Don't worship Him.
Don't give His glory back to Him.
But you can use a lot of words to correct your own mistakes.
You can even use holy words to find reasons and excuses for your mistakes.
This is why sometimes we can't see our own problems.
It's not because we are not smart enough.
It's because our heart, the central processor,
This is the first word.
The second word is called 壞到急處.
Look at his English.
It's called Desperate Sec.
生病了,也就是我們中文講的病入高荒.
It's a very desperate state.
This word is not used to describe a kind of short-term discomfort or discomfort, it's not used to describe a momentary drop of emotion.
This word is used to describe a kind of long-term root root.
The essence of this is the need to be cured and the situation of being unable to repair oneself.
In other words, the essence of this place is not to describe the problem of people as a natural error, but rather a deeper one.
It is a kind of continuous, systematic and structural failure.
Understanding this point is important to understand our feelings, our psychological activity and our emotions.
It's not just about making mistakes, it's about showing the system of the whole human being to show a kind of lack or a state of constant chaos.
We have a lot of computer experts here.
The new problem of humans is like a computer operation system itself.
When it's been infected, it's been attacked by some wrong procedures,
Although some of the functions can still be maintained, but overall, because of the virus, or the influence of the fog, etc., there is no way to run according to the normal situation of the original design.
The human heart is also like this.
After the fall, even though people can still think about it,
Who can understand it?
No one can understand it.
No one can understand their own problems.
People can't even understand their heart.
We know our inner self very well.
This is why the Buddha taught us that we can't take the Holy Spirit.
The Holy Spirit is a kind of light.
It comes from above.
Therefore, the work of the Holy Spirit is to expose our inner real state.
We simply rely on ourselves.
We can't see our heart.
So, let's summarize.
According to this sentence from Yelimi, we see that before and after the person's heart is drunk,
We can see three aspects of the influence.
Before the crime, before the fall, our thoughts are relatively clear.
The relationship between God and God is good.
And then we can also accurately recognize the reality.
But after the fall, our understanding is lost.
Our view of reality is wrong.
On the other hand, before the crime, the continuation of our love is correct.
God is the first one, and then other things are behind God.
But after the fall, there is a series of mistakes in love.
We put the things outside of God in the place of God, which is the so-called worship idol.
So before falling in love, we can respond to the world.
Our love for God, our love for the world, our love for all other things outside of God, there is a correct response.
But after the fall, our emotions are often lost.
And our reaction is the flow.
Before falling, what is the human heart?
Our thoughts are clear.
Our consciousness is correct.
Our feelings are true.
So what are the effects of falling?
First of all, think about the truth.
People's understanding is the flow.
They can't see the reality, nor can they see the God's work.
People will interpret their situation in the wrong way.
The temporary difficulty is the failure of the ultimate.
The silence of the god is the departure of the god.
The feeling of the god is the standard of truth.
This is not because of lack of rationality, but because rationality itself is being forced to obey the mistakes of the wrong.
Then, in the wisdom of love, i.e.
our consciousness, the fallen human version should have only the desire of the ultimate god to turn to other things created by the god.
People start to put all their emotions on the relationship, build the sense of value on the achievement, put the comfort on the sense of speed, or control over the power.
These things that are created may not necessarily be evil, but once they are born into the place where only God deserves, they become idols.
They will crush us when they come back.
There will be a problem with our emotions.
In the end, I told you last week what people's emotions are.
People's emotions are a kind of evaluation response.
First, there are thoughts, then there is consciousness, then people's emotions are evaluation of what you love, what your ranking is, then it is reflected in the emotions.
When our thoughts are true, love continues to be wrong, emotions are impossible to stabilize.
The strong anxiety comes from the fear of losing control.
The constant anger is often caused by the feeling of being threatened.
The anxiety may appear in the things that people rely on.
You can't catch it.
You feel like you can't get what you want.
The emotion here is not the starting point of the problem.
It's a result of inner defeat and error.
So, everyone, I don't know if you've seen it.
If you have a long-term relationship with your ex-girlfriends, you have anger, and you have negative anger, and you have low expectations, and you keep appearing.
It's very easy to be stimulated by this negative emotion.
So, the problem is not just this situation, some part of it is wrong, but the real problem.
is our new central processor.
When we operate it, we can't properly handle a lot of information on these three levels.
Therefore, the function of the original creation of the upper ground causes us to show some more negative, negative psychological activities and emotions.
Let me summarize a little bit, ladies and gentlemen.
In fact, in the whole process,
Tell us where did our emotional problems come from?
Where did the psychological problems come from?
Help us understand the basic methods of solving these problems.
In fact, Shenzhen provides a basic framework.
What is the conclusion?
The reason why we have these emotional and psychological problems is not because of the outside environment, it is not because of the reality that happened in front of us.
It's not because the environment is under too much pressure, it's not because we can't handle our needs.
These are all external factors.
Of course, they are part of it.
The real problem is inside.
It's not lack of skills, lack of wisdom, lack of social experience, lack of累ing, and so on.
It's not lack of your emotional management, lack of control.
It's like you have to learn some skills of emotional management, and so on.
These are all just indicators.
The real problem is our heart.
Our heart is mind, well, and emotion.
In these three aspects, thought, will, emotion, and emotion.
The effect of being guilty is biased from the original path, and from the original creation of the god.
So there is a problem.
If we can understand from the creation of the god,
We can find a new way to face ourselves.
What is it?
It is to use the method of salvation to solve our problems.
To use the method of improvement to solve our problems.
When we return to this path, we will find that we are not too psychological, not too biological.
Do you understand?
For example,
If we can understand from this perspective
The redemption of the entire humanity is inside
and outside,包括你的 physical body.
是完全的被救贖所以只有信仰才能够完全地更新我们从内而外那不是一种单一项目的修复所以在这个地方呢我们就可以对世俗的心理学做出一个准确的评估世俗心理学上一课我们已经讲了它有价值可以当做工具去使用但是我们现在看到世俗心理学
We just use people's ways to solve it.
It's more single, it's more flat.
What we really need is the above definition of reunion.
Okay?
This is the question we didn't finish last week.
I don't know if you have any questions about the case.
Is there any content?
Okay, good.
Let's spend a little bit of time now.
Because this case is very simple.
This is a case that is thought out.
It's such a strength.
Please, everyone, break in small groups, maybe two or three small groups.
You can read it.
And then, about five minutes, quickly explore what happened to the main character in this case in the three levels.
What problems did it have?
What problems did it have on the mind, on the mind, and on the emotions?
And then, after five minutes, come back quickly and make a book.
Okay?
Please, everyone, share freely.
Okay.
Thank you, everyone.
In order to make it easier for us to listen to Lu Yin's brothers and sisters to understand this case, I'll read it a little bit.
In this way, they'll know what we're discussing.
Li Dishong's anger.
Li Dishong is 45 years old and married with two children.
He has been in the service office for many years.
The appearance looks very warm and willing to serve.
But in the recent meeting of the group, because of the suggestion that he proposed, he was suddenly angry.
He said something very serious to the other colleagues.
and even questioned their 50s.
Later, he regretted and apologized to everyone.
But this is not the first time it happened.
In the past few years, similar situations have happened several times.
Every time he regretted, he knew he shouldn't be like this.
But next time, when the same situation appeared, he still couldn't control himself.
He himself was also very confused.
He told Mushi, I clearly know that I shouldn't be angry.
I also pray for God to help me.
But why am I still
The question on the surface is,
Li Dishong doesn't think he's being attacked by others.
He doesn't have the face.
He's not stable.
He's self-confident.
Will he make it up?
Almost.
Okay.
Let's listen to this group.
Jenny.
Most of our group might think he's low on EQ.
I'm proud of him.
I'm not sure if he's even on fire.
I think he has a bad temper.
He's tired.
Okay, this way.
Eric.
I'll give him the first place.
Thank you.
Let me add one more thing.
He's very concerned about the evaluation and the opinion of Jena.
Is there any supplementation?
OK, OK.
Thank you all for sharing.
Because we understand the impact of new elements, when we deal with these problems, we should not look at the phenomenon on the surface.
We should look at three different levels of thinking, and then the state of consciousness and the state of emotion, right?
Let's look at the three aspects.
The state of thinking is to respond to what Lidi said he might be thinking.
What do you believe?
Why is there such a intense response when the mind is not recognized?
Then what is it possible for him to understand this?
This is about his thinking, right?
This is a very important part.
So the level of consciousness is what does he want?
What does he love?
What does he want?
What does he really see?
Let's say it's a little simpler.
What is his mind?
Right?
This is the level of consciousness.
The level of emotion.
What is his anger about?
Did he lose it or did he get it?
Did he have to protect it?
This is his emotions.
When his opinions were not accepted, did he feel threatened inside?
So, I think all the people who just talked about it are very good, very valuable.
If today someone says, Brother Li, you have to control your temper, you have to learn emotional management lessons,
You have to improve your EQ, right?
You have to improve your EQ.
You have to become more gentle.
Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to ask, do you feel that this kind of suggestion is effective or not effective?
It's not effective.
Why?
Because these methods only deal with surface problems.
The real problem in the heart of Li Dishong did not come out.
So let's take a look at what the real inner state is.
Let's have a look.
First, let's take a look at his thoughts.
He may believe that the meaning of one's opinion is equal to the value of the other's opinion.
The meaning of one's opinion is equal to the value of the other's opinion.
This is the symbol of one's opinion.
He may judge the meaning of one's opinion as personal value.
Ladies and gentlemen,
I have to say that this idea must be twisted.
It's affected by guilt, right?
It's affected by guilt.
And this kind of deep understanding of the whole thing's評估 seems to be passed down.
Because your first thought was determined like this, so the subsequent reaction of course is also out of control.
So on the one hand,
What does it reflect?
What is the mind?
is to do things well, not to deny it.
These are not the main points.
The main point is that he wants to be guaranteed.
He wants to have influence in the team.
He wants to prove his value through the talent others have for him.
He needs to have a sense of existence in the team.
I have to be sure that these things are not necessarily bad.
For example, the sense of conviction, sense of value, sense of control.
These things may be reasonable.
That is to say, they are not necessarily evil.
But when does it become a problem?
When it leads you to the whole person's thought.
When it leads you to do the most important thing, the most fundamental judgment.
Then he became an idol.
At this time, he had a problem.
Right?
So we can see that in the level of consciousness, which is what I want to describe, he idolized some of his personal feelings, personal values, personal control, etc.
This is the level of consciousness.
So in terms of emotions, this is very easy to understand.
When his suggestion and his opinion were not adopted,
He felt not only disappointment, but also a kind of deep danger and anger.
Why?
Because I think the important thing was denied.
I think it was taken away by something that made me feel alive.
So, the idol he tried to raise up, maybe he didn't realize it.
The idol he raised up,
is threatened.
What is this idol?
It is the power of my words, the energy of my words, the value of my values, my control, the so-called existence of my team.
These things are threatened.
That is why he will expose some very important words.
The anger is his heart saying, these things are very important to me, and the work is not important to me.
So, this is also a reaction to the emotions of the neighborhood.
So, back to the question we just mentioned.
If we, as a teacher today, care about him and give him some guidance, tell him, Brother Li, if you want to learn to control your temper, if you want to learn to manage emotions, what will happen, everyone?
He may not only change, but also become more depressed and angry.
He may be silent from now on.
He may fall down.
Right?
He may say, OK, I won't talk anymore.
I can have a meeting, but I won't talk from now on.
Why is it like this?
Because the surface has been calm, but the fire in the heart has not been extinguished, that is, it has not been able to see the real need.
Ya yi jiu le ma, so yi jiu hui juan huan cheng liin yi jong bao li, bu zai shi xiang huo shan bao fa yi an bao chua lai er bian cheng yi jong passive-aggressive, leng bao li.
Shibu shi?
Passively, ta yi jing yao biao da chua lai de.
So, ta yi jing yao可能 bu zai bao fa, dan shi ta hui juan xiang yong chen mo shu li, xiao ji de fang shi lai biao da ta de bu man.
Ji jiu shi wu me sheng jing dang jong suo shuo de, na yi ge ci ne?
Why is it like this?
Because we can't really deal with his inner idol.
After understanding this question, dear brothers and sisters, should we go back to the Holy Spirit?
Should we go back to the faith?
Should we go back to the blessing?
Let's give some advice to Li Dixiong.
What is the real help?
What is the effective help?
We need to help Li Dixiong to see if his values are completely different from his opinions.
Because his values are locked up in his creation.
His values are completely unchanged.
At the same time, his identity does not matter if he has influence in the team.
It does not matter if he speaks out or not, because his identity is never lost or changed in the capital.
One suggestion does not mean that your identity is in the capital.
Jesus disappeared.
And his sense of security is not about whether he can control the whole process.
Because his sense of security should come from the one who died for him and the one who saved Jesus who lived for him.
This is the will of the retreat.
This is the problem of the retreat in his heart.
His value, his identity, his sense of security is that he cares about the status of Jesus Christ in the capital.
He cares about the relationship between Jesus Christ and him.
He cares about the simple sentence, God loves you.
God loves you, not because of your bad views, not because of your sins.
So he doesn't love you, or he doesn't love you, but because Jesus died for you.
When God saw you, he saw Jesus Christ, the one who died for you and resurrected for you.
Ladies and gentlemen, can you
A virtual case like this will open up in our own body.
Let's take a look.
Do we often encounter situations where opinions are not accepted?
Do we encounter similar situations?
They are not exactly the same.
And your inner emotions, reactions, thoughts, etc.
Do we have similar situations with Mr. Lee?
And the solutions
The anchor
of the life.
Where is it?
It's Jesus, right?
It's Jesus Christ.
It's not the world.
For example, among the brothers and sisters, because of a fair and open discussion, some opinions were not accepted, you quickly said, you don't like me, you can't see me.
Such a statement not only reflects your burden on the inside, but also breaks the relationship between the brothers and sisters.
Right?
Other people actually don't have such an idea.
That is to say, if I don't accept such a question today, then one day you may also deny me.
Then should I also respond to you?
Then the meeting will not be calm.
Our life, our inner state of mind cannot be calm.
So, in addition to 1000, the final answer is the relationship between us and the host.
You see, this is
So he really needs, Mr. Lee, us too, including myself, what we really need is to change our whole thinking, consciousness, and emotions in the body of this person.
And it's not necessarily going to be the emotional management method, therapist, these so-called psychological therapy teachers, to interact with them, or there are some
It's a serious situation.
I'm not denying their values.
But it's still a sign that it's not true.
The real problem is that our inner relationship with God has been removed.
We need to go back to practice.
After you practice, you need to use other ways to help you.
Right?
God's grace is taught to us in many ways.
But no matter how he is taught, he will not use any way to replace himself.
You must first understand that our relationship with the Lord is important.
So, dear brothers and sisters, when you or me, our hearts really start to grasp the relationship between me and the God in the capital.
So, when the opinions are not accepted,
We can very hopefully, we can think about it.
Mr. Lee, after he understands this, he may say, OK, it doesn't matter.
My opinion, this time I don't have a background.
Although I may have a little disappointment, I want to face my inner self.
But my disappointment will not lead me.
very soon there will be a decision, you look at me, I have no value, or I have been attacked by your body, I have been rejected, or I have lost my existence, my control, etc.
He will say, my value in Jesus Christ is certain, and I deeply believe in Jesus Christ, and I believe that you have a right to reject me.
my suggestions are often rejected by sessions.
Sessions won't say, what are you talking about?
They won't.
When a group of elders discuss a problem, it's not just me.
Any suggestion mentioned by anyone may be supplemented.
It may be deleted.
It may be rejected.
It's all possible.
Don't connect it with your personal relationship, your personal values, right?
In this case,
we will be able to find a stable existence in the face of God.
So, what do you think?
Through this case, let's sum it up.
What do we see?
We see the behavior of the surface or the issue of the situation.
The root is in the state of our heart.
Only the behavior of the處理 is the standard, not the capital.
The heart is the main處理 machine.
Last week, I talked about
It's an active processor of thought and emotion.
It's not a passive receiver device.
You have to actively think about it to be correct.
So the problem with Li Dishong is not caused by the environment.
Although the environment provides him with a situation where he has been tested, his problem is that his mind is focused on other things, more than focus on him.
Jesus Christ's relationship.
Therefore, we see that, in short, the influence of the three levels of our hearts, the influence of thoughts, the influence of sins, and the influence of love, the influence of sins, the influence of wrongs, the influence of emotions, and the influence of lies.
Thank you, God.
The vision of the blessing is never to change the behavior of our appearance first.
The vision of the blessing is always to update our hearts.
to solve the problem within us.
Finally, let me use a piece of golden words to end today's content.
The 36th chapter of the Yixijie Book.
I also want to give you a heart.
Put the heart in you.
From your body,
How wonderful is God!
How wonderful is God's grace!
God has always wanted to change our hearts.
He wants to completely change us.
He wants to change us into a heart of flesh.
He wants to understand us.
He wants to see us all the time.
He wants to keep in contact with us.
God's work
is not only to eliminate the inner state of the heart, but also to repair the external behavior of us.
Instead, we need to give the heart of Jesus Christ to us because of his son.
This heart of the heart is given to us by God.
It is not by our efforts that we can create ourselves.
So, everyone, our problem
Yuan is more serious than we know or imagine.
Can you say it like this?
Our problem is more clear than we already know.
It's even bigger than we can imagine.
However, the n point above is also bigger than we know or imagine.
The n point above is on our softness,
So what we need to do is to always bring our mind back to it.
That's all we need to talk about.
Before the end, I'd like to spend a little bit of time in front of the God of Peace, to welcome the true truth that we have learned today and welcome it to our hearts.
Let's take a look.
Let's read from chapter 139, chapter 23-24.
Let's read from chapter 139, chapter 13-24.
Let's read from chapter 139, chapter 13
We are here to tell you.
Please help us see our inner heart.
Do we have something that we don't want to let go of?
Is there something inside of us that we don't want to hand over to you?
求你让我们知道我们的心思天父 你了解我们比我们了解我们自己更多我的心在意什么 渴望什么害怕什么 想抓住什么神啊 你都是知道的即便我不自知 你也是知道的你可以让我更深的明白自己吗
Qiu shen shi en.
Shui lian wo zhi dao wo de yi nian.
Shen na, jing tian ni yi yi hao, jige khe cheng yi hao, wang de di sheng zi mei mei yi hao, dou bo shi lai ding wo de zui de.
Because Jesus has already died for me.
You are to train me, to train me, not to set my sin.
You are to expose the idol hidden inside us, to show that we really care about each other, not you.
At the same time, you will disdain to take us back to you.
See if there is any evil in me.
Shennan, your light is not to help me.
Today, this class is about your time.
It is your time of grace.
It is you who is healing me.
It is you who is showing me that you have prepared the grace for me.
yinling wo zou yongsheng de dao lu Zhu ah, shi xie ni, yao qing wo, er bushi zhi kong wo.
jie na wo, er bushi jujue wo.
hu zhao wo lai geng zong ni, er bushi ding wo de zui, jiang wo pie qi.
yinling wo men zou yongsheng de dao lu, wo men zi tiao lu shang, geng zong jidu, zou shang zheng de xi le, ping an, zi you.
Thank you, God.
Only you can really see our heart, and only you can really update our heart.
For this grace, we thank you again.
Thank you for this lesson, God.
Next, continue to use the following content to help our heart continue to return to the truth, return to the holy word, return to the capital.
Actually, it doesn't match.
It's all because of Feng Zhu's capital, De Sheng's name.
Amen.
Thank you, everyone.